Add OFREP provider integration details to flagd documentation (#656)
microsoft/aspire.dev: src/frontend/src/content/docs/integrations/devtools/flagd/flagd-connect.mdx

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Use OFREP provider

As an alternative to the native provider, you can connect to flagd using the [OFREP (OpenFeature Remote Evaluation Protocol)](https://openfeature.dev/specification/appendix-c/). OFREP is a standardized HTTP/REST-based protocol for remote feature flag evaluation, making it language-agnostic and well-suited for polyglot environments.

### Install the OFREP provider

Install the [📦 OpenFeature.Providers.Ofrep](https://www.nuget.org/packages/OpenFeature.Providers.Ofrep) NuGet package in the client-consuming project:

```powershell
dotnet add package OpenFeature.Providers.Ofrep
```

> ### Configure the app host

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configure the AppHost
```

> In your app host project, retrieve the OFREP endpoint from the flagd resource and pass it to your consuming project as an environment variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your AppHost, retrieve the OFREP endpoint from the flagd resource and pass it to your consuming project as an environment variable:
```
